{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red220\green220\blue220;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c89020\c89020\c89020;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17180\viewh17200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa199\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A. What\
1) I am coding a program that will work based on Skyscraper puzzles. \
2) K_values are the "size of the building" in the Skyscraper puzzles. \
3) The user will make a input of the k_values, total of 16 number, from 1 to 4.\
4) The program should make a output with the numbers that match those k_values for a given size of array. The lowest is a 4x4 grid.\
\
B. How\
1) To solve this problem there are no formula to find the solution for the given k_values, so its about a try and error model. I wanto to use the backtracking strategy for this, after all for a 4x4 grid there are 15! combinations possible, what would create a file with aproximatily 16gb (15! *4/19^9). So there will be some rules(patterns identified) that will be added.\
2) The code will generate all possibles combinatios in array of 4x4 using only the numbers 1,2,3,4 and the condition is that the sum of line each line and each column is 10.\cf4 \
\cf2 we need to have a array of all k-values for each array created and then print them togehter\
So for exmaple:\
we made the backtracking to generate the arrays:\
1 2 3 4\
2 1 4 3\
3 4 1 2\
4 3 2 1\
then we calculate its k-values(kvalue_top, kvalue_right,kvalue_down, kvalue_left ) - fill the array in this order:\
4 2 2 1\
1 2 2 4\
1 2 2 4\
4 2 2 1\
then we will print the array with it conresponded k_values array like this:\
1 2 3 4 | 4 2 2 1\
2 1 4 3 | 1 2 2 4\
3 4 1 2 | 1 2 2 4\
4 3 2 1 | 4 2 2 1\
we need to have this link between the arrays\
}